 we have learned a few basic concepts about many things ,first ,the  differcne betwenn the web and the internet,
The Internet is a massive network of networks or a networking infrastructure. It connects millions of computers globally,
 forming a network. In which any computer can communicate with any other computer as long as they are both connected to the Internet,
The Internet is a massive network of networks or a networking infrastructure. It connects millions of computers globally,
 forming a network. In which any computer can communicate with any other computer as long as they are both connected to the Internet.
but the web is The World Wide Web, or simply the web, is a way of accessing information through the medium of the Internet.
 It is an information-sharing model that is built on top of the Internet. The web uses the HTTP protocol,
 one of the languages spoken over the Internet, to transmit data.
the web work Web services that use HTTP allow applications to communicate, exchange business logic and use the web to share information.
 The web also utilizes browsers such as Google Chrome, Internet Explorer or Firefox, to access Web documents called web pages that are linked to each other via hyperlinks.
Web documents also contain graphics, sounds, text and video.
third,we have learned about  protocols, servers and api.
Network protocols are a set of rules, conventions, and data structures that dictate how devices exchange data across networks.
Network protocols control all aspects of network communication from sending and receiving messages, to formatting files for different types of messages.
Similar to the way that speaking the same language simplifies communication between two people,
 network protocols make it possible for devices to interact with each other because of predetermined rules built into devices’ software and hardware.
When you use an application on your mobile phone, the application connects to the Internet and sends data to a server. Afterward, the server retrieves this data,
 interprets it, performs the necessary actions, and returns it to your phone. The application then interprets this data and presents the desired information to you in an understandable way.
 That's what an API is. All of those actions are done through an API.
Four,the datbaseDatabase are a systematic collection of data.Databases support storage and manipulation of data.Databases simplify data management.
fivve,Web development is the process of building websites and applications for the Internet, or a private network known as an Intranet.
Web development is not only concerned with the design of a website. It’s also about the coding and programming that powers the website’s functionality.
fnallyy,If you’re going to do any kind of development, you’re going to spend a lot of time in front of a text editor. There are many coding languages on the web, but let’s focus on the big three. HTML, CSS & JavaScript and setup our environment to manipulate them.
Visual Studio Code (or VSCode) is the most used text editor.
VSCode provides a ton of plugins that make a developer’s life as easy as possible. When you’re using it, you have the ability to make it fit your preferences by installing the right plugins.
The plugins that you’re using have a huge impact on your productivity and the way you work.